Speaker A: Hey, Evan, can you hear me all right?

Speaker B: Yeah, I can hear you.

Speaker A: Awesome. How do I sound? Good. I've used this microphone in ages. It's like all dusty. How you think I should wait like five minutes for people to come in or.

Speaker B: Probably. Yeah, that there's if. Yeah, otherwise you can just. You could start, but that'll be interesting.

Speaker A: Do you mind if I grab a cup of coffee real quick?

Speaker B: No, not at all.

Speaker A: Not at all. Okay, cool. I'm not using the AirPods mic, so I can hear you, but you won't be able to hear me.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: It's. Thank you for your patience. So is it just you?

Speaker B: It looks like it's just me. Josh is trying to get in, but he's trying to get on on his mobile device and I don't think that's possible with Riverside.

Speaker A: Surprised? I mean, I know they have an app.

Speaker B: Maybe he's using. I'm not sure if he's using. Using the app or not.

Speaker A: Okay. Should I just go?

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: Okay. Well, thanks for joining me, Evan. I really appreciate it. I would say no. I mean I do, seriously. So yeah, this is a kind of a dry run. I would say I'm about 60% done with this presentation about CloudKit on the server and we'll probably hop back and forth between Keynote and not Keynote, but yeah. So this is CloudKit as your backend from iOS to server side Swift. So what is CloudKit? CloudKit is a service launched by Apple probably a decade ago to kind of give developers a built in back end for storing data for their apps. One of the biggest benefits is is how cheap it is to use for iOS developers. So if you have built an app, you could just add CloudKit right here within the Xcode project and use the regular CloudKit API in Swift to go ahead and start using it in your app. Here is what it looks like to create a new record type. You can do all this through the CloudKit dashboard. In CloudKit you could also do this using a schema file too. And you can export and import your schema that way. And it's not a SQL based database, it's much more, no sequel ish or an abstract layer above it. But essentially you can create records kind of like a table but not quite in your records. You can create a struct for it. You can just use CloudKit directly to go ahead and then you can then plug it into your app and do fun stuff like this. We can do things like queries and basic database stuff. There's a lot of advantages to it. For one, if you're doing Apple only, then it definitely makes sense to look into, at least look into CloudKit. If you're just going to deploy to Apple Devices. If you don't mind the, the fact that it's not a regular SQL database, that's something too to think about. If you like need a SQL database, this might not be what you want. And then if you don't mind working with a lot of the abstraction layers that CloudKit provides, then this might be good for you to get started or especially if you don't have any database experience. So as far as like server choices, I would say CloudKit might not be your first choice, but it certainly is a decent choice if you're going the Apple only route. But then the question comes in, why would you want Cloud server side CloudKit? Why would you want to do anything with CloudKit on the server? So here's, here's the first case. Well, this is how you can go ahead and do that is they provide actually a REST API for calls to CloudKit using the, if you go to the documentation, I'll provide a link to that CloudKit Web Services which provides a lot of the documentation for what we'll be talking about today. A lot of this is abstracted out in the JavaScript library. So if you want to do stuff on a website, they provide a CloudKit JavaScript library for that. Sorry, just going into do not disturb mode. They even in that web references documentation they provide a composing web service request and all these instructions about how to go ahead and do that. So man, was it like half a decade ago that I built Heart Twitch and at the time I don't think there was anything, there was anything like sign in with Apple even. And like I really didn't want like to explain how harshwitch works is you have like a watch and it will send the heart rate to the server and then the server will then use a web socket to push it out to a web page. And then you would point OBS or some sort of streaming software to the URL or to the browser window and then that way you can stream your heart rate. That's how it works. And what I really didn't want is a difficult way for a user to log in with a username and password on the watch because we all know typing on the watch is hell. So my, my thought was like, and I didn't have sign in with Apple, right? So my thought was why don't we use CloudKit? Because you're already signed in a CloudKit on the Watch with your, your id. And what you do is you log in with a regular like email address and password in Heart Twitch on the website. And then there's a little, there's a site, there's a part of the site where you can sign into CloudKit and then from there you can, because, because of the CloudKit JavaScript library, you can then I can then pull the all the devices because when you first launch the app on the Watch, it adds your watch to the CloudKit database. And then I could pull that in and then add that to my postgres database. So then there is no need for authentication because I already have the CloudKit, the device added in my postgres database. So it's kind of like knows, oh yeah, this is Leo's watch, he doesn't need to authenticate. And that way we can link devices to accounts without having to do any sort of login process. And so this was my use case for doing server side. Essentially CloudKit was I could call the CloudKit web server based on that person's web authentication token, which we'll get all into later. I then pull that information in. So. Cool. Just checking if anybody's having issues. It doesn't look like it. So that's good to know. So that was the private database piece, but I actually think a much more useful case would be the public database because the idea would be is that you'd have some sort of app that would use central repository of data that it can pull information from. And I'm looking at both of these with Bushel and then an RSS reader I'm building called Celestra with Bushel. The. The way it's built right now is I have this concept of hubs and you can plug in a URL and that URL would provide or some sort of service. That service would then provide the Entire List of macOS restore images that are available. But then I realized like really there's only one location for those and each service is just going to be using the same URLs anyway. So if I had one central repository or one central database because they all pull from Apple, I can then parse the web for those restore images and then store them in CloudKit and then that way Bushel can then pull those from one single repository. And all I would have to do, and what I'm doing now is running basically a GitHub action or you could do like a Cron job where it would run on Ubuntu, wouldn't even need a Mac and it would download and scrape the web for restore images and storm in the public database. It's the same idea with Celestra. It's an RSS reader. What if I took those RSS RSS files in the web and just scrape them and then store them in a CloudKit database in a public database and then that way people can pull that up all through CloudKit. So the idea today is we're going to talk about how to set something, how I set something like this up and how you could use use my library to then go ahead and do this yourself for any sort of work that you're going to do that where you want to use either a public or private database in CloudKit. So this is where I introduce myself. So I'm going to talk today about building Miskit, which is my library I built for doing CloudKit stuff on the server or essentially off of, not off of Apple platforms. Evan, do you have any questions before I keep going?

Speaker B: No, it's good. Good topic though.

Speaker A: So like I said, we have CloudKit Web Services and CloudKit Web Services. We provide a lot of documentation. We talked about CloudKit JS and the instructions on how to compose a web service request which has everything I need to compose one. And back in 2020 I did this all manually. The thing is at this point, if you look at right there, actually if you look at the top, you can see it hasn't been updated in over 10 years, which is kind of crazy, but it works. And then we got introduced to something back in WWDC I want to say it was 23. We got introduced to the Open API generator which is really nice because then we have, we can generate the Swift code if we know what the Open API documentation looks like it. And of course Apple doesn't provide one for CloudKit but they did provide a pretty big piece open. If you ever you looked at the Open API generator, it's amazing. Takes the Open API gamble file and generates all the Swift code you need. One of the other issues I had with first developing Miskit in 2020 was that there was no way to like there was no abstraction layer which could differentiate between doing something on the server or using regular like URL session which is more targeted towards client side. So I had to build my own abstraction for that. Luckily Open API has, there's open API transport I believe, which provides an abstraction layer where you can then plug in either use Async HTTP client, which is the server way of doing it, or you can plug in a URL session transport, which is of course the client way to do, provides a really great tutorial. I highly recommend checking this out as well as the doxy documentation that they provide. So this is great. But then I'd have to go ahead and I'd have to figure out a way to convert all this documentation into an open API document. I mean, can you guess what helped me to get build an open API document from all this documentation?

Speaker B: Some of the tools, some AI tool.

Speaker A: Yes. AI came and I'm like, holy crap. Like AI is really good at documenting your code, but it's also pretty darn good at taking documentation and building code. So then I would just plug it. I've been plugging in with Claude and it has a copy of all the documentation in my repo and it can go ahead and edit the open API. It's not perfect by any means, of course, but that's what unit tests are for. And actually having integration tests in order to do stuff so that. Sorry, I just want to make sure nothing important. I hate teams. Okay, so great. So let's talk about. Sorry, slides are still not done, but let's talk about authentication methods. You can see I have the logos here, but I haven't quite cleaned this up. So there's really two and a half authentication methods when it comes to CloudKit. So here is the miss demo database. You just go in here and you can go to tokens and keys and then that will give you access to set up either the API if you want to do API key or API token if you want to do a private database or a server to server keyset if you want to do a public database. So let's talk about the API token. Pretty simple. You just go into here, click the plus sign, you say a name and you say whether you want to do a post message or URL redirect. We'll get into that in a little bit in the next section. And then whether you want to have user info and you click save and you'll get a nice little API token you could use in your web your web calls essentially. API doesn't really. The API token doesn't really give you a lot of. But what it does give you is it gives you an entry to get a web authentication token for a user. So basically the way that works. So you'll notice here, when we were in this section, we have this piece here called Sign in Callback. So you can have either call a JavaScript, it's called a message event, it will call a Message event and a message event will have the metadata with the web authentication token of that user. Or you could do URL redirect where on authentication the user has a URL and then part of that URL is then having part of one of the query parameters and we'll get into that. We'll then have the web authentication token in the URL. So you put, basically you have your website, you add the JavaScript, you need to add the sign in with Apple. Oh, here's Josh. Oh cool. Josh, you there?

Speaker C: I hope so.

Speaker A: Good. Okay. Hey, we were just talking about how to set up. I'm going to go back a little bit Evan, but not too far back.

Speaker B: Yeah, no worries.

Speaker A: That's okay. But we talked about setting up API token and how to do that. So you go in here, you just click plus, you select your sign in callback and you put in a name and it'll give you an API token once you click save. Basically. Come on. The reason you want an API token is this allows you to then have users Sign in to CloudKit either using, using the the web service like Curl or you could also do it through a website using CloudKit js. So web authentication token we talked about how you can either do the post message or you can do the URL redirect. Basically you have the JavaScript on your website and there has a button, click the button, you get this nice little window here sign in and then when you sign in if you had selected post message, you'll get the web authentication token and the data of the event in JavaScript or you will get the web authentication token as a URL in the callback URL here. Does that make sense?

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: Yeah. In some cases if you scour the Internet so Stack overflow will tell you and this has happened to me sometimes it will not be CK web authentication token, sometimes it'll be CK session because that's what Apple likes to do. But it's the same thing. So you basically want to look for either property or query parameter name and you should be good to go and then you'll have that user as well authentication token you could do. What I, what I've been doing is, is I've been take like making a call to a like local server for instance and then essentially then I could do whatever I want with that web authentication token. As long as you have the web authentication token and the API token you can do anything on a private database that the user has rights to. So you can go, you can go to town with that all this stuff gets Swift in a cookie too. So that way it'll work. When you go back, if you have checked the box for allow, it's either a box or JavaScript method property that will say, hey, I want this to persist. It'll be Swift in a, in a cookie as well. So if you want to spelunk your cookies, you can see the web authentication token there. So that's actually the easier of the two. So that gives you the private database for the public database is where you're going to need a server to server authentication. And so to do that it's really actually not as bad as I thought it was going to be. But you go to the new server to server key, put in a name you want, it'll actually give you the command you need to run and then you just paste in the public key in here. That gives you. That will give you everything you need. So here's how to run it. Basically, sorry about that. We just run that. That gives us the key. We can go ahead and get the public key. We can also pipe it to PB Copy and then all we have to do is paste that in the box over here. There we go. It's pretty complicated to use the server key. We can spell on the miskit code on how to do it because it does a lot of that work for you if you have it. But you will need the, the private key, the key id, I think, I think that's it. And then you should be good with having access now to the public database. So just to go over, there's differences between the public and private database. So this is query. You can see my cursor, right? Query and lookup of records is available on all but file changes or, excuse me, record changes. It's not available on public zones, aren't really available in public zone changes aren't available in public notifications. Zone notifications aren't available in public, but query notifications are. And you can also do any stuff with assets which are basically binary files. You can also do that in all of them. You can't do query notifications on shared. Shared would essentially work like private essentially. So it's just a matter of who. Who's the owner and how is it shared. So one of the big challenges I think we've all faced this when we've dealt with certain web services is field type polymorphism. If you've done JSON where you don't know what type you're getting back or what data you're getting back, this can Be a bit challenging. So if you look at the documentation in Web Services Reference, there is a, there's a page called types and dictionaries and there is types. There's different type values for each field. If you're familiar with CloudKit, you've seen this, right? So you have an asset which is basically a, a binary file. You have bytes which is essentially a 60 byte base 64 encoded string, date type which is returned as a number. Double is returned as a number because These are the JavaScript types. Int is returned as a number and then there's location reference and then string and list. And how would you like, how do you do adjacent object like this? How would you even represent this in Swift? Because you don't know what type you're going to get. So like I said, this is a work in progress. Sorry. So what I do, I don't know how much you can see this. I'm going to actually move over to my documentation here at this point. So how are we doing on time? We good?

Speaker B: Yeah, I think, I think we're doing good.

Speaker A: Okay, cool. Any, do you want to ask questions?

Speaker B: I don't have anything right now.

Speaker C: Same nothing right now. But this seems applicable to things I'll be doing coming up.

Speaker A: Okay, cool. So we have set up in the open. So we have an open API YAML file that you can pull up in Miskit, which is basically every like the documentation converted to YAML. And so what we do is you can set up in the YAML the field value requests and they have an enum type essentially for, for open API. So and then, so this has, you know, it could be one of either any of these types of. And then there's an enum in case you have a list. So if you have a list value type there is an extra property called type and then that will tell you what type the. The list is. And it's homo homomorphic. It's all the same list type. You can't have lists of different types. And then we have here again field value. Sometimes the type is available, sometimes it's not. But basically we have all the different value types available to us in a CK value. And then this is. Then the Open API generator essentially builds this for me which is. Has an enum and a struck for field field value request and then it does all the decoding for me. Thankfully I didn't have to do any of it. And then yeah, I just wanted to cover that piece where we show how we deal with these kind of like polymorphic types and how those work. The next thing I want to cover is error handling. So if you look at the documentation gives you. If you get an error we get something like this and then that will show you in the. In the table actually shows you what each error means. So again we do like an enum in YAML. It's basically a string and then we have everything else be a string. And then the open API generator will automatically generate this which gives us the server error code and the error response. It'll also do all this stuff here, which is really nice. And then we've then in our. We've abstracted a lot of this in miskit. So that way we also have now a cloud cloud error type which gives us a lot more info regarding that. So that's how we handle errors. And everything I do in the abs, the more abstract higher up stuff is done using type throws like I have type throws and everything. So that's how I handle that. Let me check one last piece I wanted to cover. The last piece I want to cover is really cool. And that is the authentication layer. So Open API provides what's called middleware and that allows you to, when you create a client or a server, you can plug that in and it will handle like let's say you need to make modifications with the request or response. When it comes in, you can intercept it and make whatever modifications you want to make. And in this case what we've done is I've created an authentication middleware which then sees if you have what's called a token manager and an authentic you have that and an authentication method. And the way it works is you pick what type of authentication you want to use. If you already have like a pre existing web token or you already have, or you, you know, have your key ID and your private key already, or you just have the API token. We've created basically a middleware that uses that. So this is how it creates the headers for server to server. So it does all this for us. And then what I added, which I think is really nice, is called the adaptive token manager. And the idea with that is like let's say you're using a client and you have the web authentication token now and then this allows you to upgrade with that web authentication token to the private database and have access to that. So and then all the, all the signing is done before you in miskit for the server to server because stuff that needs to be signed, etc. And it takes care of all that. All stuff that Claude was essentially able to decipher from the documentation. There's one more thing I wanted to show. If you want to hop in with a question while I pull something up, feel free. No questions. Cool. So I'm going to show one last thing and that is how do we actually deploy this? Is this too big, too small? Looks okay.

Speaker C: That looks good.

Speaker B: Yeah, it looks good.

Speaker A: Okay, cool. So essentially what I've done is I'm using GitHub Actions. There's a way you can. This is all public by the way, so I will provide URLs in the Slack or something. Let's do this one. So this is a Swift package for Bushel. It's called Bushel Cloud. It pulls the stuff up from. Uses Miskit to go ahead and pull, get access to CloudKit and let me go back to the workflow. How familiar are you with GitHub workflows?

Speaker C: Sadly not had the chance to work too deeply with them yet.

Speaker A: Okay. Basically it's like for CI, but you can also set it up on a schedule. So I did that and then it runs the scheduled job and then I just execute. So then this was refactored over here into an action. There we go. And I have all sorts of stuff here for like this is generic essentially, but all these, the environment, etc. These are all passed from that workflow into here. These are basically either API keys or the information that I need for accessing Cloud, the public, public database. Right. And then I already pre built the binary. So we already have that. We're running this on Ubuntu because it's the default. Look at it. If there is no binary, it goes ahead and builds the binary for me. So that's what this is doing. And then we make sure the binary works. We make, we make it executable, we validate, make sure all the API secrets are there. We then go ahead and this validates the pim. But essentially this is the fun part. We go ahead, we have all our inputs for the private key, the key id, environment, container id. And then I use Virtual Buddy for signing verification. And. It then goes in and it runs the sync and then we'll go in. Basically it pulls from several websites information about macrosos, restore images and checks whether they're signed. And then it goes ahead and it adds those to the database. And then what this does is it exports the information in a run. Let's, let's take a look, see if I have one. I can show you. Oh, there's one scheduled. Yeah, here we go. So there's 57 new restore images created, 177 updated. 234 total. No operations failed. I also store Xcode versions and Swift versions. Those get stored as well. Had to rebuild it, but here is the results. I'm not going to pull that up, but it's essentially updated my CloudKit database and that's all in the public database. And then maybe even by the time I present this, I'll have a working example in Bushel with that example working, which would be awesome. Celestra, same idea. So this looks like it was a RSS update. We get the workflow file and. Oh, sorry, I should point out, because you're probably wondering where is all these. The stuff all these secrets stored? Yes, they are stored in Actions secrets right here. So we have our private key ID API key from Virtual Buddy. So that's all stored there. Here is Celestra. It's for updating RSS feeds. So it just basically goes through. You can look at the Swift code it goes through, pulls RSS feeds and updates them into a CloudKit record or what do you call it? Yeah, record type. And I of course try to do it in such a way not to hammer people, but same idea, yeah, it goes ahead and it runs the binary it updates and then I also have like actual parameters that I take to to filter out, like which RSS feeds are high priority and which ones aren't based on the audience and etc. So yeah, so that's deployment. That's how you can get that working. There's weird stuff with cloud with GitHub that I've noticed. If you haven't updated it in a while, it doesn't run these cron jobs. So I need to figure out a how to get around it or find another service to do it. This is all free because it's public and it is running on Ubuntu. So that's really great. And the storage on CloudKit is dirt cheap, which is even more awesome. Sorry, let's see what else. I just want to make sure I covered all my slides. The last thing I'm going to talk about is just what are my plans? Excuse me. So I don't know if you check. Follow me. But I just released. I just released Alpha 5 that has lookup zones, fetch, record changes and upload assets. Upload the assets is pretty awesome. When I saw that work because I was like, cool, I can actually upload a binary to CloudKit, which is awesome. We got query filters to work for in and not in, so you could do that I have plans to continue working on this because I think there's a big future for something like this for a lot of people. Yes, you can technically use this in Android or Windows because the Swift thing does compile in Android and Windows. You can see I already added support for that. This is the support I recently had. And then we're. I'm just kind of like going through each of these because as great as AI is, it's not perfect. So we're just kind of going through these piece by piece with each version and hammering these away and then this is actually done. I don't even know why that's there. But yeah, I think system field integration might already be there and there's a few other things. Eventually I'd like to add support. So there, there's a whole API for CloudKit schema management that I could. That would be awesome if I could figure out how to do that. If I could figure out how to do key path query filtering, that would be fantastic. And yeah, but there's a. I mean the basics is there as far as if you want to do anything with a record, it's pretty much there. One thing with Celestra is I'd love to be able to do like test out subscriptions and see how that works. So yeah, that's really the bulk of my presentation today. Now is. Now it's time to ask me a ton of questions and make me feel dumb. Go for it.

Speaker B: No, there's a lot there to. To absorb. But I, I like the concept and I know you've been working on this for a while and I always thought it was a pretty cool, pretty cool idea and implementation of this.

Speaker A: Questions?

Speaker C: So with something like. Accessing CloudKit through the web, is this setup more ideal for having your server do the authentication to CloudKit with Miskit or is miskit something that you could put into even like a client side, you know, like non Swift application or I guess not non Swift but like non like app application. I'm thinking in the context of like

Speaker A: a.

Speaker C: I guess if I wanted to create a something accessing CloudKit that is not your typical Mac or iOS app.

Speaker A: Can you be more specific?

Speaker C: I'm looking into one. One approach would be browser extensions.

Speaker A: So for like a non Safari browser.

Speaker C: Yes.

Speaker A: Yeah, this would be great. So basically the way you'd want that to work, like the sticky part to me would be getting the web authentication token. Other than that, like have at it. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna be devil's advocate. Why not just use the CloudKit JavaScript library.

Speaker C: If it's an extension, my brain jumps to Swift first.

Speaker A: Right. But it's the reason I'm asking that is like it's a, it's already a web extension. I would assume that is true. That it's 90 web based or JavaScript based. So that's where I'm just like, well, you may as well. Like, I would love. I don't want to. Like, I love tooting my own horn. Right. But like, like why not just. Unless you're. Unless you're like building a executable, I guess, or an app. Ish.

Speaker C: And I guess another application for this would be doing CloudKit stuff server side and then providing my own API layer over it.

Speaker A: Yep, yep. So that's. Yeah. Are we talking private database or public database?

Speaker C: Private.

Speaker A: So in that case, basically like you'd have to go the Hard Twitch route and you would have to provide a way to get their web authentication token, essentially, if that makes sense. And then store it in Postgres or whatever the hell you want to do. Like that's, that's the way I did it with Hard Twitch. But once you have that, you can do anything you want on the server with their private database, if that makes sense.

Speaker C: It does.

Speaker A: Yep. Yep. A couple of things I wanted to bring up, so let's take a look. So part of my other presentation is working, talking about cross platform automation type stuff. And the one issue I've run into is. So it basically builds on everything. Right now. I'm going to share something.

Speaker B: Hey guys, I got to drop. But it was good presentation, Leo. Thank you.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. If I have more questions, if you have any feedback, just hit me up on Slack.

Speaker B: Sounds good.

Speaker A: Cool, thank you. Thank you so much for helping me set this up. Yeah, talk to you later.

Speaker B: Thank you. Bye bye.

Speaker C: Yeah, so if you had something else to show, I'm happy to look for. I'm here for a few more minutes as well.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I have the workflow working here and it does Ubuntu, it does Windows, it does Android. So all that stuff is available to you. I would never recommend using Miskit on an Apple platform for obvious reasons, like what's the point?

Speaker C: True.

Speaker A: Unless there's something special that I provide that CloudKit doesn't like, I don't get it.

Speaker C: Right.

Speaker A: But we have an issue. So I just started dabbling. I haven't really done anything with wasm, but I did definitely try. Like I added support for WASM in my, in my Swift build action. The thing about WASA is it does not provide. It doesn't have a transport available. So we talked about transports, I think. Did you hear about that part about the Open API generator and transports?

Speaker C: I think I was coming in at that point.

Speaker A: Okay. When you create a client, so underneath the client you have what's called a client transport. This is so underneath this client, this is an abstraction layer above. So this is not the right one. Where's the public one? But anyway, there is here CloudKit service maybe. Yeah, here we go. So the CloudKit service has a client and part of the client is being able to say what transport you use in Open API. And there's two transports available right now. One is, one is your regular URL session for clients, which. That makes sense. Right. And then there's the Async HTTP client which is typically used like Swift NEO based for servers. The thing is that neither of those are available in wasp. Do you know what WASM is?

Speaker C: I have no experience with it, but yes.

Speaker A: Okay. It's. It's the web browser. Right. So. So you really can't use Miskit in. In the. In WASM yet because there is no transport. Now having said that, why on earth would you use. Awesome. Why would you use Miskit in the browser? Why not just use CloudKit js? So that's essentially, you know, What other questions do you have?

Speaker C: My brain is mushy right now, so

Speaker A: because of my presentation or because other

Speaker C: things, I got two hours of sleep.

Speaker A: Oh, I'm so sorry.

Speaker C: So I'm following as best as I can.

Speaker A: Snuggling. Yeah, the intro was basically how I originally built it for hard Twitch in 2020 for a private database login for the Apple Watch because I don't want to have a login screen. And so basically there's a way in the web browser to link your Apple Watch to your account and then from there you don't need to authenticate anymore. Nice. I built that all from hand and then in 23 they came out with the Open API generator which was like, oh wait, what if I can create an open API file out of Apple's 10 year old documentation? That'd be a lot of work, but I could do it. And I don't know if you heard, but there was this thing that came out a couple years ago called AI and it's really good at creating documentation for your code, but it's also really good at creating code for your documentation. And so I was like, oh yeah, this is great. Like I can just, I can just Feed it the documentation and go from there. And, like, basically, I've been going step by step through. Like I said, if you looked at the miskit repo, like, I'm going through step by step and adding new APIs based on what's available in the documentation, piece by piece. And I would say at this point, it's like most of the really, like 80% of that people use is there. There's like, stuff like subscriptions and zones that I'm still trying to figure out, but it's. It's pretty close to done at this point.

Speaker B: Mm.

Speaker A: If you use it.

Speaker C: Yeah, it's one of those.

Speaker A: Because I. Go ahead.

Speaker C: Yeah. I was gonna say it's one of those projects that makes me want to set up a. Like a vapor server or something just to do some Swift on the server.

Speaker A: Yeah. Or just like, I wonder if there's like, something you do on a pie, like just hook it up to a CloudKit database. Like, there's a lot you could do here because all you need is decent os. I don't know anything about sharing. I haven't done anything with sharing yet, so I still have to do that and a few other things, but. No, yeah,

Speaker C: it's an interesting idea.

Speaker A: Thank you.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Well, thank you for joining, Josh.

Speaker C: Yeah. Thanks for hosting this and sharing this info. It's nice.

Speaker A: Yeah. If you ever run into anything, let me know. Will do. All right, talk to you later. All right, sounds good.

Speaker C: See you.

Speaker A: Bye.

Speaker C: Bye.